STAR
1. Tell me about a time you had a disagreement with a team mate? What was it and how did you fix solve?


There was once a project I had to work on during my senior year in college, I had a disagreement with my teammate about the way to distribute team work. I wanted to break the the team into teams of two for each tech stack while he wanted us to tackle each tech stack one at a time as a whole group. As a leader in this group, I didn't want our disagreement to cause problem to our group and wanted to keep things professional. How I solved it was I asked the team to vote on how they wanted to approach the problem. The team liked that they are doing something that they voted for and my teammate felt appreciative that  I wasn't dismissive of his idea.


2. Tell me about a time you had to learn a new skill for your job?

I worked a project for Texas instrument and in this project they wanted us to use different technologies. One of the technologies was called OpenOCD and it was used for flashing hardware. As the leader of the group and the one responsible for things being turned in time. I had to learn how to use openOCD to help other teammates to finish that part of the project. I did that by breaking the problem down and identifying only whats necessary to learn to complete the project. That way we were able to finish the project in time. 




3. Describe a time you were under pressure at work. How did you react to it?
On a project that I was working on , we were nearing the due date without finishing the project. As a member of the team I wanted to see how Im able to get the team moving in the right direction. So what I did is wrote down what is left from the project. Then I asked the team what they are working on and gave them tasks that they are comfortable with. This way everyone knew his role and had better vision on what to work on even with short amount of time.




4.Tell me about a time you made a mistake. What was it and how did you fix it?
I once was working on a project that had a front end and a backend. I was responsible to finish the front end part of the project. But due to my lack of experience in working with teammates on big projects I made of mistake of not communicating the JSON format to the backend team. We were later able to figure out the problem and I was able to fix it by telling my teammate about the mistake and planning the json format with them.

5.How do you adapt to sudden changes in the workplace?
As a teacher, I experienced sudden changes all the time. While I was teaching the students were able to finish the curriculum faster than others. I adapted to that by introducing new things for the faster students that was challenging enough for them, and tried to avoid discouraging the other students for being slower than the other classmates.
6.Describe a successful project you worked on as a part of a team?
A successful project that I worked on with a team was the social media project. Where I created a website where you login , comment , and post photos. I was proud of this project because it introduced me to web dev and it was nice to build an app that can be used by different people.


7.Give me an example when you when you took initiative?
On one of my project I took initiative and became the leader for the group. Being a leader for the group gave me experience on communicating with managers and clients and improved my requirement gathering skills.


8.How do you organize your time in a tight schedule?
In a tight schedule, I like to organize my time by having a calendar with all the due dates and having organized to do list. I also try to write every requirement down to be know what I need to prepare for.


9.Give me an example of a time you had to complete a task with very little to no guidance?
There was a time when there was a bug that slowed our backend team down but they couldn't figure out how to fix it. With little guidance I was able to solve it by first,  understanding the code, then breaking the code down into smaller problems to figure out where the exact place of the bug. 


10.Describe a time when you had multiple tasks to complete under tight deadlines. How did you prioritize and manage your time?
I once had to give a client a project but in the due time it wasnt possible to finish all the requirements that was asked of us. What I did the list of unfinished requirements and ranked them based on if they were needed for the project to be  functional and ranked them based on how important they are to the client. Even though I wasn't able to finish all my requirements, I was able to submit something that my client was happy with.
